{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang3082{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs32\lang10 Arduino Pro IDE Changelog\fs20\par
\b0\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs22 Visit {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/LumitoLuma/ArduinoProIDE-Setup }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/LumitoLuma/ArduinoProIDE-Setup\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  for latest releases.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.1.3:\par
\fs22 Added:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 ATL-750: Handle board name change after install. [c024a8d]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-723: Show the build time in the about dialog. [7696e2c]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-732: Support for static splash screen. [1acf13c]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-667: Warn the user when could not save sketch. [cff2c95]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-667: Show dirty indicator on unclosable widget [ca1b288]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-666: Added graphics for the Windows installer. [01e42da]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-663: Indicate alpha status. Updated the About dialog. [874c3ef]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Changed:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 Bumped version to 0.1.3. [40905a0]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Switched to the 0.14.0 CLI. [4d5a046]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Aligned the electron app to the latest Theia APIs. [e755a1c]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-222: Moved the language feature to a VS Code extension. [f26dae1]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}GH-354: Moved the Outline to the left-hand side. [def93ea]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Fixed:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 Disabled the badge decoration in the Explorer. [1a531db]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added a workaround for Theia's auto-save issue. [2e00e2d]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-469: Fixed various serial-monitor issues. [138afbf]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-530: No checks before upload/verify/burn [2831acc]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-428: Fixed the semver ordering for installable [acbb7d3]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed the application name on macOS. [781747f]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Capture and swallow unhandled SIGPIPE signal. [30136b0]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-374: Refactored the Output services. [5f51939]\fs28\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Version 0.1.2:\b0\fs22\par
\b Added:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 ATL-78: Implemented include library. [7a37aa2]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-73: Added library examples to the app. [56ff866]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-302: Added built-in examples to the app. [1c9fcd0]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ATL-61: Implemented burn bootloader. [b5d7c3b]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Changed:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Use 0.13.0 CLI. Updated version to 0.1.2. [fbebfc7]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Fixed:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 #337: Use bigger min window [c3eb3e4]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Enabled file logging for the backend process. [30421f0]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better error handling when killing the BE process. [daa2579]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed the output channel registry for extensions. [ec8df37]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Customized channel to cancel the queue on dispose. [cb24571]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Patched the menu ordering. (Workaround for eclipse-theia/theia#8377) [2f8e28b]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}#336: Fixed 'Save As...' [524fbbd]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.1.1:\b0\fs22\par
\b Changed:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 Updated the arduino-cli to version 0.12.1.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Fixed:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Verify and Upload button doesn't work #311\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}v0.1.0 - Using TheadDebug Lib: GDB Debugger Terminated Unexpectedly. #312\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Sketch folder name not recognised #318\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.1.0:\fs32\par
\fs22 Added:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Added logic to recover invalid sketch when opening it.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better label provider for unsaved sketches. Create a new sketch, and hover over the editor's tab. It shows unsaved. It was a long temp path before.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Changed:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 Updates the CLI version to 0.12.0.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}From now on, new tabs always open after the last tab. Previously, new tabs were opened after the current tab.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Reimplemented missing LoadSketch in TypeScript.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Adjusts the Output styles to the Java IDE.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed copy for Forum/GitHub. In case of no or empty selection, the entire editor content is copied. Otherwise, the selected text.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}From now on, toggling the serial monitor will dispose the serial monitor view instead of toggling the bottom panel.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removes the keybinding for indent/outdent lines menu items. The functionality remains the same.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Refined and generalized which tabs are closable and which not. All files that belong to a sketch (SketchLoad) must be non-closeable in normal mode.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Refined new file and rename file. Adjusted the input dialog behavior to the Java IDE.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Made the Daemon output channel more relaxed. It should never activate on Daemon input.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The board search is fuzzy now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}We clear the upload/compile consoles before running upload/compile.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Aligned the New and Save As... with the Java IDE.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Rework the menu organization\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The copy of Arduino CLI embedded in the Arduino Pro IDE installation is always used, rather than picking up an external Arduino CLI installation if it is in PATH.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Fixed:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Makes sure the main sketch file has the focus at app startup without focusing on other editors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed save as.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Upload using a programmer does not require a serial port.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed serial monitor issue. Previously, the board had to be manually re-selected after an upload.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed deletion. When deleting the main sketch file, the window closes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed issue when Output grabbed the focus when the user was searching for a board with the board config dialog.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The Output automatically expands on upload/compile and on errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added a workaround for path too long on Windows by removing the YAML VS Code extension from the final app.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.0.6-alpha.preview:\fs32\par
\fs22 New and noteworthy:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\f1 Support for the CLI configuration: You can install 3rd party cores.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Support for the 3rd party core settings: You can specify board-specific settings from the menu. (#10)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[experimental]: Boards Control: try it with Ctrl/Cmd+K Ctrl/Cmd+B search for a board, configure the actual 3rd party core settings, or pick one of the available boards.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Support better unknown (3rd party) board detection. (#198)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}From now on, the boards-search is fuzzy. (#223)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Switched to native grpc in the final app.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b Fixes:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 The ZIP structure of the final app for Linux and Windows has changed. (#229)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The serial monitor does not expect a \\n. (#201)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Toggling editor mode does not delete code. (#192)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed an issue with the editor-focus when opening multiple editors asynchronously. (#201)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Application settings now stored under ~/.arduinoProIDE. (#184)\f0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\f1\par
\b\f0\fs28 Version 0.0.5-alpha.preview:\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 Debugger support for SAMD boards\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Bugfixes\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.0.4-alpha.preview:\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 Automatic Arduino language server (LS) recovery. From now on, if the LS process terminates, it restarts automatically.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updated the bundled Clang version to 9.0.0. Bundled Clangd into the application for all supported platforms.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better keybinding support for the upload, verify, and the serial monitor.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.0.3-alpha.preview:\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 Install/uninstall/update cores and libs (pinning a specific version)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed macOS shortcuts\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Restore last opened sketch when switching mode\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed search toolbar for libs\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Select the right CLI version to avoid conflict with local installations\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Avoid duplicates in outline view\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed serial monitor\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Confirm Exit is now working\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed text contrast while using the dark theme\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.0.2-alpha.preview:\fs32\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 Fixed board detection on all OS\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Solved issue with arduino-cli not loading if spaces are in path\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Automatic core\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added documentation about clang for Linux\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.0.1-alpha.preview-snapshot-20191021.1:\b0\fs22\par
\b Bug Fixes Release\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Board detection\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Board uploading\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Core installation\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Version 0.0.1:\b0\fs22\par
\b Main Features:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Core Install\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Lib Install\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Board List\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Basic auto completion (ARM targets only)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Pro Mode (File System view)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Git integration\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Serial Monitor\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs18 Visit {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/arduino/arduino-pro-ide/releases }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/arduino/arduino-pro-ide/releases\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18  for an extended changelog.\fs22\par
}
 